                                              Python Language Introduction

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high level programming language.
It was initially designed by Guido van Rossum in 1991 and developed by Python Software Foundation.

It is used for:
   web development (server-side),
   software development,
   mathematics,
   system scripting.
   
What can Python do?
   Python can be used on a server to create web applications.
   Python can be used alongside software to create workflows.
   Python can connect to database systems. It can also read and modify files.
   Python can be used to handle big data and perform complex mathematics.
   Python can be used for rapid prototyping, or for production-ready software development.
   
Features of Python programming language:
   1. Readable: 
        Python is a very readable language.
   2. Easy to Learn: 
        Learning python is easy as this is a expressive and high level programming language,
        which means it is easy to understand the language and thus easy to learn.          
   3. Cross platform:
        Python is available and can run on various operating systems such as Mac, Windows, Linux, Unix etc.
        This makes it a cross platform and portable language.
   4. Open Source: 
        Python is a open source programming language.
   5. Large standard library: 
        Python comes with a large standard library that has some handy codes and functions which we can use while writing code in Python.
   6. Free: 
        Python is free to download and use. This means you can download it for free and use it in your application. 
   
You Do with Python:
     1. Web development 
     2. Machine learning 
     3. Data Analysis
     4. Scripting :
            Scripting is writing small programs to automate simple tasks such as sending automated response emails etc. 
            Such type of applications can also be written in Python programming language.
     5. Game development
     6.  Desktop applications/Graphical User Interface(GUI).
     
